hey you don't have a stolen car from
your house of the day I'm gonna say life
on all right so this is the original
house we're in flood of state that's
blood park estate in East Palo Alto we
in Atlanta rock and roll your stuff
happens first day here this is a my
brother stalling channel for my going
from around the way they're selling and
this is peploe when we're just gonna go
hit some spots one up and go check on
the new nephew pepper think she's about
to get a walk I'm gonna give you the big
cribs tour the house later right now
we're about it uh step out for a minute
we're in a sunny California this is
sunny California the Bay Area 650 area
code we just walked out getting ready to
go meet Lorenzo and there was a Mustang
sitting right here okay oh good morning
I looked at that this is only as random
thought your last night that when I go
for mess of things I point no stupid
well I can hold my girlfriend how cycle
or o'clock hawks locker the whoopee so
it doesn't ever sit still got the motor
in it 5-speed Mustang ship to the bomb
didn't call the police when we saw the
car would you yeah I'm not looked at it
slide let the two don't keep the alafaya
victim that's not running is what they
want somebody got a guy pretty much
saying they'll probably like kids in the
rims I think that's the first time that
ever woken up to see a car stripped down
the front of the house 5-speed Mustang
strip the world first thing you think
you soon it might be a person you
dalvahni kept it on us so you have
police you Paul you to come swoop this
one up to the river homes if I want to
see with a put it what happened what
happened to him last night I'll scratch
my head I can't do that about it I
thought down the funny to see the world
but sites our well always follow I smoke
you know we call each other rogue in PA
there is a definite culture to being a
robe if you ever hear anybody anywhere
in the world used to hear somebody say
hey what's a rogue they are from East
Palo Alto let's put basically what we
call herself where the roguish people at
rogue is like you know rogue is like you
know saying road you know the true
definition of rogue if you want to go to
the rest of dictionaries a liar and a
thief icy road is like a rebel we all do
a lot of days it's kind of a Leo
stealing robbing for people who eat
somebody who's unnecessarily feared
actually is what a rogue is really
everybody miss world is a liar napisze
they can't hate on the definition road
somebody who's looking to throw a wrench
in the gears definition of Road me
What's Up boy what's up partner it's
nothing derogatory is just like how we
say what's up homie well i like to say
nigga too much so we say rogue that's
our definition right there Zack like
people in San Francisco Sabra or Cuddy
we say road that's an expression that is
exclusive to this community
the Rogues have a a code there are
numbers of the 13th and the 14 a south
and the north they're all out here da is
not gang related at all rogue still say
there's no gang culture basically okay
blood is just magic comes brother same
same thing is Rho rogan blood now the
Hispanics I believe tend to have more of
the gang culture a rogue will say
there's no gang culture because in East
Palo Alto there is none we live in
different sections of the city but we're
all from East Palo Alto because we're
too you know we're in the minority
amongst you know larger cities like
Oakland and San Francisco where there
are larger districts were more people
you know in those two cities i mentioned
aren't really as big as the largest city
in the bay which is San Jose life in PA
for me as far as my generation we kind
of got slowed down by all the 80s in the
90s in the crack before our time came so
East Palo Alto is like a teardrop you
know but it is centrally located you can
get to any of those cities i mentioned
in about 20 or 30 minutes from this city
and so in that is pimp you can go to any
spot that i just mentioned
aforementioned cities in 20 to 30
minutes from this spot and that's why
you follow out though is special and in
that you know it's rogue central we you
know we know a little bit of all hustle
from all those cities i think we soak up
a little bit of the soils from you know
as far out of vallejo and some of those
other outskirts where they still call
the bay you know there's not much water
but it's the very you know i go to
monterey it's the bay if the show even
though it's still a lot of students
whatever you know don't think of us like
that ducker we still part of the people
out here you feel me but rogues don't
really rome out too much like you know
like rogues are known to stay in their
zone right to take to take a campaign
that's in a two-mile city nationwide and
try to just speak for the culture of
this small city doesn't do respect to
those who actually live here you know
because unless people come here the
concept really lacks definition so i
don't encourage or did you start calling
people you know rogues cuz like if you
run into somebody from East Palo Alto
and they find out you're from Minnesota
oh oh cuz I know exactly how it's gonna
be no come out here man is wonderful
sunshine if you don't like PA you man
you come right down the Palo Alto get
off your white girls and anything you
want you soon we got close out here too
so it's good though you feel me cum
chillin PA man it's a good time ain't no
hanging out here we just like to live
lavishly l at the parks BBQ and make our
money and have a good time that's all it
is give you the raw definition of robe
do it an acronym just so r opposes will
know check it to our stamper rowdy Oh
organized G gutter you underground et
rep clutter mother